Add support for is array for rep commands js (#31184)
demisto/content: Packs/IsItPhishing/ReleaseNotes/1_0_4.md

#### Integrations

##### IsItPhishing

> - Added support for multiple url addresses input for **url** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for multiple url address inputs for the **url** command.
```
